okay so now this is the negative thing I
wanted to show you and I know you're not
necessarily on social media but Chris
Pratt who is is on social media and he's
on Instagram and Twitter and all that
stuff has been tweeting along the
oppressed or he's been tweeting
photographs or actually posting them on
Instagram yeah and so in each one of
these Instagram photos it's always a bad
sign when Chris seems sincere about
something like would you care if I like
took some photos for my you know social
media I think would be good for boosting
the movie and I'm like of course man
he's setting you up yeah so there's this
one's finally got that selfie with Jen
you all wanted here's another one this
one they're just hanging with my best
again here's Jen and I closing with L
Rubeus this is another another day
[Music]
hashtag passengers movie there are a lot
of them i whittled them down somewhat
but i publicist now that's here where i
guess now is what kind of person are you
I mean are you the kind of person who's
going to take this and just let this
sort of thing happen let Chris keep this
kind of abuse on you I mean or are you
gonna do something about it yeah I'm
gonna do something about you are gonna
do something about
[Applause]
let's we should probably follow her
because she's the only guest we have
tonight so around here on Hollywood
Boulevard now Jennifer Lawrence is very
very angry right now
Guillermo are you angry also yeah I'm
angry you are it we're real we're all
angry what Chris Pratt is done on
Instagram
what are we bringing in guilty okay did
you have anything to do with this
knowledge of me okay oh I see what's
coming in all right yeah bring it in
this is it's taking so much longer than
I imagined
[Applause]
wow this is really bad maybe I should
help hi guys how you doing this is what
he gets for being foolish you know I
have ass here
gonna help me do me yeah you get over
the or zero most waiter laughs man says
Chris rat and look like good guys
wait no rat yeah oh yeah okay yeah
that's a - - there we go there we go
[Applause]
I think yeah you did the right thing
here so you're lovely and we got ash
here with the arrow pointing to Chris
and me that'll be a good lesson for him
I'm gonna give it a devil eyes but you
know it's not too late let's give them
some devil eyes real quick and maybe
maybe a little devil mustache as well
have a beer yeah look at that all right
Chris well you know what yeah I think we
did just tap
we just think hey you guys want some
spray paint there you go enjoy do it to
all the movies that might be competing
with this one don't spray us alright
well there you go I want to thank
Jennifer large generated a beautiful
graph here what a coincidence that you
would have all this spray paint here on
hand and passengers comes out December
21st thanks for watching if you liked
that subscribe to our YouTube channel
for all the latest videos and if you
didn't subscribe anyway it's free who
cares